#summary ReadMe for pidgin-privacy-please
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

pidgin privacy please is a pidgin plugin to stop spammers from annoying you.

It offers the following features:

 * Block individual users (with an optional auto-reply)
 * Block messages from people who are not on your contact list (with an optional auto-reply)
 * Suppress repeated authorization requests

= Blocking users (gaim 1.x only) =

To block a user in gaim 1.x, all you have to do is append "   " (three spaces)
to their alias. In pidgin 2.x this is no longer neccessary, since proper
privacy features have been implemented.

= Auto-reply on blocked messages =

Optionally you can have an auto-reply message sent to people when their
messages have been blocked. You'll need to apply a special patch to pidgin for
this to work, though (see below).


= Messages from unknown people =

You can block any messages from people who are not on your contact list and
optionally have an auto-reply sent, telling them to request your authorization
first. Just check the corresponding options in the configuration dialog.


= Authorization requests (pidgin 2.0+ only) =

On recent pidgin versions, you can have repeated authorization requests
suppressed by the pidgin privacy please plugin. After enabling that option,
make sure to have "Block only the users below" selected in pidgin's privacy
dialog. Then, whenever you deny an authorization request, the sender is
automatically added to that list.


= Patches =

In order to use this plugin with pidgin 2.0.0, you'll need to apply the
corresponding patches from http://tools.desire.ch/pidgin-pp/ to pidgin.
Otherwise you won't be able to have auto-replies sent to blocked messages and
authorization requests won't be intercepted.

Since version 2.3.0, pidgin includes the auth-signals patch, thus you'll only
need to apply the patch for blocked-signals. If you choose not to apply that
patch, pidgin-privacy-please won't be able to send auto-replies when a message
has been blocked.